README.md, before:

# EC881--Assignment

This assignment was a part of KGEC's curriculum in ECE.

## Subject Description

The object of Project Work II & Dissertation is to enable the student to extend further the investigative study taken up under EC P1, either fully theoretical/practical or involving both theoretical and practical work, under the guidance of a Supervisor from the Department alone or jointly with a Supervisor drawn from R&D laboratory/Industry. This is expected to provide a good training for the student(s) in R&D work and technical leadership. 

The assignment to normally include:
1. In depth study of the topic assigned in the light of the Report prepared under EC P1;
2. Review and finalization of the Approach to the Problem relating to the assigned topic;
3. Preparing an Action Plan for conducting the investigation, including team work;
4. Detailed Analysis/Modelling/Simulation/Design/Problem Solving/Experiment as needed;
5. Final development of product/process, testing, results, conclusions and future directions;
6. Preparing a paper for Conference presentation/Publication in Journals, if possible;
7. Preparing a Dissertation in the standard format for being evaluated by the Department.
8. Final Seminar Presentation before a Departmental Committee.

## About the project

In this project we build an application for the identification and classification of diabetic retinopathy from fundus images of human eyes.

> - To be updated soon -

Commit message:

Updated: readme with installation instructions

README.md, after:

# EC881--Assignment

This assignment was a part of KGEC's curriculum in ECE.

## Subject Description

The object of Project Work II & Dissertation is to enable the student to extend further the investigative study taken up under EC P1, either fully theoretical/practical or involving both theoretical and practical work, under the guidance of a Supervisor from the Department alone or jointly with a Supervisor drawn from R&D laboratory/Industry. This is expected to provide a good training for the student(s) in R&D work and technical leadership. 

The assignment to normally include:
1. In depth study of the topic assigned in the light of the Report prepared under EC P1;
2. Review and finalization of the Approach to the Problem relating to the assigned topic;
3. Preparing an Action Plan for conducting the investigation, including team work;
4. Detailed Analysis/Modelling/Simulation/Design/Problem Solving/Experiment as needed;
5. Final development of product/process, testing, results, conclusions and future directions;
6. Preparing a paper for Conference presentation/Publication in Journals, if possible;
7. Preparing a Dissertation in the standard format for being evaluated by the Department.
8. Final Seminar Presentation before a Departmental Committee.

## About the project

In this project we build an application for the identification and classification of diabetic retinopathy from fundus images of human eyes.

### Instructions to get a local running copy of the project

#### First-time installation

- [x] Clone this github repository
- [x] Create a .env file with `PORT` `MONGO_URI` `JWT_SECRET` `JWT_EXPIRY`
- [x] Create a python virtualenv
- [x] Activate the virtualenv
- [x] Run `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- [x] Run `npm install`

#### Running the web application

- [x] Activate the virtualenv
- [x] Run `npm run start`

The web application will now be running at the defined port which you specified in your .env file
